Update dskit to latest main and implements LogSourceIPsFull flag (#7250)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: the default value of the CLI flag `-query-frontend.max-cache-freshness` (and its respective YAML configuration parameter) has been changed from `1m` to `10m`. #7161
* [CHANGE] Distributor: default the optimization `-distributor.write-requests-buffer-pooling-enabled` to `true`. #7165
* [CHANGE] Tracing: Move query information to span attributes instead of span logs. #7046

> * [FEATURE] Introduce `-server.log-source-ips-full` option to log all IPs from headers Forwarded, X-Real-IP, X-Forwraded-For. #XXXX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Introduce `-server.log-source-ips-full` option to log all IPs from headers Forwarded, X-Real-IP, X-Forwarded-For. #7250
```

Author: Indeed, thanks. Change is done.

Reviewer: There's still a typo in header name.

Author: My bad, fixed.
